No, this can't be
happening. They
would never betray
us. This is all some
sort of bad dream!
Pluto, Saturn,
Uranus, Neptune.
They're
all my friends. And
each one of them is
precious to me!
So, this can't be
true! I refuse to
believe it!
Dying Stars: Uranus
and Neptune's Last
Stand!
Stop it! Why are you
doing this? I thought
we were friends.
Friends, huh?
[chuckling]
Let's end her
suffering by taking
her Star Seed.
Sounds good. That's
what friends are
for, after all.
[chuckling]
Why, you--
Uranus. Neptune. I
still believe in both
of you.
Thanks for that.
Now, die.
Stand down.
[lightly gasping]
[chuckling]
Please, don't tell
me you're really
that stupid. You
believe in them? Even
after you bore
witness to them
killing your friends?
This is reality.
Hold on. Surely you
don't still think you
can protect this planet.
I can and
I will.
[laughing]
Removing Sailor
Moon's Star Seed
can wait. Why don't
you two teach her a
little lesson about
reality first.
Hmph! Honestly,
what a joke.
Uranus! Neptune!
World...
Star Serious...
Shaking!
Laser!
[gasping]
Ah!
[groaning]
Usagi.
[lightly gasping]
Ohh!
Everyone?
Haruka. Michiru.
It's all over.
What?
What we did was just
an act.
That's right. It
was all in order to
defeat Galaxia.
Just an act?
Sorry you were kept
out of the loop,
Usagi.
We couldn't tell
you because it would
have totally ruined
our whole plan!
Oh...
Look I swear it's
not because we
thought you'd get
in the way or
anything.
Yeah! We just felt
you weren't really
up to the task.
Minako, you're not
helping!
[laughing]
But it's the truth,
isn't it?
This is Usagi we're
talking about.
Come on, you two.
Be nice.
Yeah, that was
kinda cruel.
I mean, you know
how easy it is to get
me to believe stuff.
Usako.
Usagi!
[gasping]
I got worried
so I came back to
check on you.
I'm sorry I made
you feel lonely.
I'll never leave
your side again.
[crying]
Mamo. Chibi-usa.
Everything's
all right now.
It's over.
[whimpering]
You don't have to
fight anymore.
[whimpering]
Same old crybaby
Usagi!
I can't help it,
okay? What do you
want from me?
I really thought I
wasn't going to see
all of you again.
But I'm happy
you're back, Mamo--
They're gone.
Where'd they all
go?
Where they all go?
[gasping]
[breathing]
[crying]
[gasping]
Uranus.
Uranus! Please. I
need you to tell
me the truth!
This is all part of
the plan, isn't it?
I know that this is
just an act, so you
don't have to keep--
[yelping]
[struggling]
Chibi?
This is reality.
[panting]
Hup!
[grunting]
Aw, is nap time over?
How dare you talk
down to us!
You wouldn't have
that power without
Galaxia!
It seems we have sore
losers on our hands.
Indeed. A shame that
those who stand
against Galaxia
would resort to such
petty comebacks.
How do they expect
to defeat her,
when they can't
even defeat us?
Hmph. Goes to show
you're just a bunch
of amateurs
who don't even know
your own limits.
What did you say?!
And that's exactly
why you three couldn't
protect your princess!
[growling]
You little--
Fighter no!
Stop talking like you
know us!
[grunting]
[grunting and screaming]
You don't know
anything!
[grunting]
[growling]
Guess you do have
what it takes.
Huh?!
[grunting]
Fighter!
[screaming]
[grunting]
Stop it. Just stop
this already!
You're right. Let's
put an end to this.
[lightly gasping]
Agreed.
-Deep Submerge!
-World Shaking!
[groaning]
Fighter!
Are you... all right?
Yeah.
Good.
[chuckling]
[grunting]
Now, then. Did that
help you awaken from
your absurd dream in
which you can still
save this planet?
It is not a dream!
You hear me?
Look around. There is
nothing left for you
to save.
Huh?
[gasping]
No way.
[struggling]
[grunting]
[lightly gasping]
Tell me. What do you
think of this lovely view?
[chuckling]
This can't be
happening.
It's safe to say
that the entire
galaxy is now mine.
At this point, you
have absolutely no
chance of winning.
[trembling]
Ha. Interesting. You
three still haven't
given up?
[chuckling]
In that case... what
are you going to do?
What can you even
possibly hope to
accomplish at this
point?
You've lost!
Chibi?
Take their Star Seeds
from them.
It's over for you.
[gasping]
[struggling]
[snickering]
But how?! I was sure
that attack was going
to work!
Where's her Star
Seed?!
Impressive. I never
thought that someone
would ever resist my
bracelets' control.
Uranus.
In this vast
universe, I've
never met Guardians
quite like you two.
Does she... not
possess a Star Seed?
[grunting]
You took your
friends' Star Seeds
and became my
servants despite
knowing you could
die.
All for an
opportunity to
strike back.
Hm. And I
fell for it.
[laughing]
Honestly... The
people of this
planet;
they never cease
to amuse me.
[laughing]
Uranus. Neptune.
[grunting]
This is it.
We no longer possess
wings to fly through
the sky.
Now, all that we
have left, are blood
stained hands.
Yes, you're
right.
Hm. All of your
efforts meant
nothing in the end.
We'll be... answering
for our sins forever.
I can endure, if
I'm with you.
Even if we're
burned in the flames
of hell.
Hell, huh? It doesn't
suit you.
I have no regrets.
Why... Why do this?!
Because this is
how we chose to
fight.
It's The cross we
chose to bear as
Guardians.
But that's not how
it should work!
You didn't have
to do this!
Why didn't you
guys tell me?!
I thought... you'd
really turned against
us for good.
And that you two
weren't friends
with us anymore.
I am so sorry. I
didn't believe in
you... until the end.
[lightly grunting]
Haruka! Michiru!
[crying]
Serves you right.
I'll never
forgive you!
And after all
that big talk
of yours!
If you two die, who
will look after
Sailor Moon?!
Fighter. The thing
your trying to
protect isn't
the universe, or
peace or even the
universe, is it?
Huh?
I want you to
protect her from
now on.
Uh! Uranus.
Please, take good
care of her.
Our princess is
such a crybaby.
She sure is.
[crying]
I can't help it.
Are you scared,
Michiru?
Haruka.
Yes?
I want... to
feel you.
[lightly grunting]
[grunting]
[exhaling]
[lightly grunting]
Uh.
I can see
the light.
It feels warm...
doesn't it?
Michiru! Haruka!
Please don't
leave me.
Hmph.
[sobbing]
I lost two more
people that I care
about... In the
end I wasn't
able to protect
anyone.
Your Star Seeds are
the only ones left,
so as a reward for
putting up a good
fight, I shall
personally remove
them from you!
[gasping]
Star Serious Laser!
Get back!
[grunting]
[gasping]
[screaming]
You can't win, so
surrender.
Come out quietly
and kneel before me.
I will give you time
to prepare.
If you are a true
princess, show
yourself before I
disgrace you by
taking your Star Seed
by force.
If I give in and just
do as she says,
will I be able to
see Mamo and the
others again?
Sailor Moon.
Huh?
Uranus and Neptune
fought that way
for a reason.
Do you know what
that reason was?
No. I don't!
I didn't get it at
first, either.
How they went so far
to sacrifice everything.
And for what?
Could it be that
it's really just
the way that they
fought? It's
entirely possible.
But I've realized
there's more to it
than that.
It's because they
all have faith in you.
[gasping]
They all have
faith.
Faith in Sailor
Moon.
Yes. And also in
their friends.
There's something
special about you. I
used to think that
you and I would
never fight alongside
each other.
Not in a
million years.
But look at us
now... Fighting
side-by-side.
I don't know
why...
... but being with
you makes me wanna
believe in others.
And most of all, it
makes me wanna
believe in you.
So what? What are you
trying to say?
That that's the reason
why all of my friends
are gone now?
I didn't need to
hear that!
But, your friends
aren't gone like
you think they are.
[gasping]
Yes, they still live
within your heart and
will only truly be
gone when you decide
to give up hope for
good.
But, all of them
believe you'd never
do that...
... and you'll
save everyone.
That's why they
placed their hopes
in you.
So you wanna try
surrendering to
Galaxia?
It'll definitely
be easier.
No.
I knew you'd say
that.
[lightly gasping]
Well, then. If
you're gonna keep
going,
I guess I believe
in you, too.
So do I.
And the same
goes for me.
Fighter... Healer...
Maker.
Tell me... We're
friends, aren't we?
Hmm.
Mm.
Of course.
Then let's go.
I'm disappointed.
Are you so scared
that you won't even
show yourself?
You're fools if you
think you can escape
me forever.
Heh. So you've
finally given up.
We will never
surrender to you,
Galaxia.
Let's trust this to
Sailor Moon. After
all, the Light of
Hope our princess
mentioned.
Yes. She might be
that light.
The Light of Hope
that was left by
the legendary
Sailor Guardian.
The Legendary Sailor
Guardian?
A battle between
light and dark has
been waged for eons,
known as the
Sailor Wars.
The strongest Sailor
Guardian fought Chaos
and then sealed it
within herself, thus
brought peace to the
galaxy.
I remember such a
legend. I had
forgotten about it.
But that Legendary
Sailor Guardian...
is me.
I am the Legendary
Sailor Guardian and
the strongest in all
the galaxy, Sailor
Galaxia!
[laughing]
No way.
Galaxia is the
Legendary Sailor
Guardian who
saved the galaxy?!
It can't be!
She's the Light of
Hope we've been
looking for?!
Don't worry, I'll
restore you back to
normal, Galaxia!
Stop! It's too
late for that!
That's not true!
I know we can come
to an understanding.
Sailor Moon.
Next time on
Sailor Stars,
The moonlight is a
messenger of love.
The Light of Hope:
The Final Battle for
the Galaxy.